I originally wanted to take a photo of my wife wearing this cute outfit.
I didn't expect to take this photo.
What else do you have to say now?
Brother Mian, Brother Mian, that's not the case.
It's because I love you so much that I did this kind of thing in a moment of obsession.
You forgive me.
That's right, cousin. Don’t you know that Yang Yang is very well-behaved?
She is just nervous about you, she is jealous, why did she do this?
We are all a family
Just act like nothing happened
It's gone, it's gone
Everyone dispersed.
Aunt Zhang Center
Did I say we can leave?
You can loose whatever you want
Then you have to use my wife's meaning
Just now I thought I heard someone say
Are you going to kick her out?
It's Jiang Mian I'm talking about
As your aunt, am I
Are you not even qualified to talk about your wife?
Auntie never cares about my affairs
Why are you suddenly so interested today?
we are a family
I'm afraid you'll be deceived
I'm afraid you'll believe someone you shouldn't believe
That being said
Cousin is so upright and loyal to Yaoyao
And because we are family, of course
Otherwise, what kind of Miss Mo would there be?
Are you really nervous about my husband's arrival?
Of course, he doesn’t hesitate to trample on his own reputation.
I was originally engaged to Brother Mian
Naturally, I am loyal to him.
I posted the video in the family banquet group
Please enjoy it
Such a recent report?
These two people actually got together
Otherwise